docs: add Organizations logical concept; expand provider extensibility (#19951)
meshery/meshery: docs/content/en/concepts/logical/organizations/index.md

See "[Designs](/concepts/logical/designs)" for more information.

### Connections

- Connections are the managed or discovered infrastructure resources (Kubernetes clusters, Prometheus instances, and so on) that Meshery works with. They are grouped by Environments and owned by an Organization.

See "[Connections](/concepts/logical/connections)" for more information.

## Organizations with a Remote Provider

A Remote Provider can extend an Organization well beyond simple grouping. Using [Meshery Cloud](https://cloud.meshery.io) as the reference implementation, an Organization can be configured with:

- **Its own identity provider** — email-and-password and social sign-in (Google, GitHub), or the Organization's own OAuth/OIDC single sign-on.
- **A custom domain and branding** — its own URL, logo, colors, and login screen ("white-labeling").
- **Roles, teams, and fine-grained permissions** — extensible RBAC returned by the Remote Provider as part of the user's token.
- **Controlled membership** — open self-service sign-up or invitation-only joining, optionally restricted to an email domain.

> How those choices combine — from a shared, hosted experience to a fully white-labeled deployment on the Organization's own domain — is described in the Remote Provider's documentation. For Meshery Cloud, see [Organization Configuration Scenarios](https://docs.layer5.io/cloud/guides/organizations/configuration-scenarios/) and the [Organizations concept](https://docs.layer5.io/cloud/concepts/identity-and-security/organizations/) in the Layer5 Cloud docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How those choices combine differs based on your connected Remote Provider. Experiences vary from a shared, hosted experience to a fully white-labeled deployment on the Organization's own domain. See your respective Remote Provider's documentation.
```

## Best Practices

- Use separate Organizations to isolate tenants — distinct customers, partners, or business units — so their resources and access never overlap.
- Keep ownership at the Organization level (rather than relying on individual users) so work persists as team membership changes.

> - When using a Remote Provider, assign access through teams and roles rather than per-user, and choose the [organization configuration](https://docs.layer5.io/cloud/guides/organizations/configuration-scenarios/) that matches your branding and identity needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Depending upon your Remote Provider, you may assign access through teams and roles rather than per-user, and potentially customize your organization's branding and identity.
```
